Add SW-Platform AoU work product (#197)
eclipse-score/process_description: process/workproducts/index.rst

Platform development
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. workproduct:: SW-Platform Assumptions of Use
   :id: wp__platform_sw_aou
   :status: valid
   :complies: std_wp__iso26262__software_651

>    SW Safety Requirements for the user of the platform, exportable requirements for the user to integrate in their req mgt system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   SW Safety Requirements for the user of the platform, exportable requirements for the user to integrate in their requirements management system.
```

Author: changed
